One sunday morning, the wonderfully earthy scent of gasoline and smog greets a new bubbling visitor.
this is nothing like home
He laments, soft as a mouse.
With a small turn, the fresh face witnessed his first ever mission.
An odd place and an odd job, for one lone cherub.
Steal a heart without an arrow, they said.
this is nothing like home!!
with that, a soft palm presses against the door, hope helplessly undetered with wide eyes.
Dust cleared the air, a mane of bright red hair stood through the empty space.
AH! hello!
Glad to know that bell actually works...
 you must be Ambrosia, right?
Yep!! Wouldn't be anyone else if I tried!
Oh, now I know you're Ambrosia, I'd know that enthusaism from just your application! Hah-hoh!
The towering figure flops a handful of boxes atop the counter, bulky arms highlighted by dim lights, a sure smile cracking from his lips.
This was none other soon-to-be cafe's manager, Blaze Tamura. Ambrosia could recall gleaming notes from guardian angel reports.
Resting in the center of immposibly thousands of humans, his file couldn't have even began to describe how grand his presence just was.
The man that stood ahead of him, he was everything Ambrosia could ever dream of.
You caught us at a good time! everyone's already unpackin', yeah?
The boys upstairs are great!
 They're terrific company, you'll fit right in.
Hah?? Is that the new guy??
Steps weighed in the distance, a new figure emerged behind the manager.
He strides in, chest puffed like a proud bird, striking colors dazzling every inch of him.
Woaaaahh--! This is the Ambrosia you were talking about, Blaze???
He's so pretty!
Hihi! I'm Charon, you're new roomate! ...Housemate? Housemate!
Angel's nectar fled to ambrosia's cheeks, bewildered. A hard grin in place before he even realised.
You HAVE to come with me, Madoc said he wanted to say hi personally! You HAVE to let me tour you around!
HAHAHAHAHAH! OKAY!!
Through stairs and corridors, the enthusiastic Charon rivaled the starry-eyed Ambrosia in giddy. With bated breath, the two landed outside a tall door.
Untained with even a spec of dust, Ambrosia's makeshift tour-guide swivels next to him with a proud grin.
This... This is Madoc's room! Next to that, mine!
he began, not a breath skipped.
And my room-- it's all the way on the end of the corridor, right?
Yep!! It's a bit of a fixer--upper... But hey, no one said you have to do it alone!
I'm basically the resident fixer-upper-er!
The door carefully cranes open, darkened eyes peep through the cracks.
Charon, can you keep it down... I'm trying to focus here.
...Please.
Hey! I was just trying to give our new housemate a little tour, see? You wanted to say hi, right?
...Hi.
My name's Madoc, but you already knew that.
If you need anything, I'm always here. Just not right now.
The whisper of a cute smile fades as soon as it peaked out, the door hushing him back into the distance.
Oh! God,
 right!
Charon spoke, slapping his own forehead with the tough part of his palm.
Shoot! Blaze like- BEGGED me not to bug you too much, I tend to do that...
 Whoopsie!
What? No, no no!! I really appreciated it!!
thank you!
Graciously, he bowed. Charon only shares a delighted giggle in response.
No, but seriously, I have tons of crap to do in my own room anyway! Have fun, 'kay?
Charon soon doddles off into his space, darting looks between the door and the new roomie.
The door creaked a loud farewell, the sneakers of the enthusiastic Charon dissapearin behind.
Slowly, Ambrosia paced to his own door, unveiling it as carefully as the enterance.
Just beyond his nose, the angel was presented with a small room, a single bed tucked into the corner.
the room's other corners made home for small arachnids, intricate webs lacing the two surfaces, dust caking the floors.
Ambrosia scanned ceilings and walls, each plane dressed snug with grease and cracks. His hand gently grazes the surface, a curiosity embued in his very finger tips.
For 6 months and 7 and a half days, this quaint and delightfully human area was his home.
Flopping back first onto the bed, a firm embrace of the mattress greeting his sides.
Steal a heart without an arrow, huh....
He mused, quietly.
The mission was simple,
 here, right under this warm cafe, Ambrosia brushed past many hearts.
He could toss up a smile, dance, sing... learn what it means to be loved.
I can't wait!!
heaven says you suck lol. fail.
WOWWW THIS PLACE STINKS! IT CLOSES FOR GOOD. FAIL.
things go okay! But... you still failed, lol.
Oh-hoh-ho! Look at what we have here, are you lost????
Do we need to have a big, stronger angel come pick you up???
Send you back to the heavens????
Hi Lyra..
IT IS SIR LYRA THE BOLD, SKILLED SWORDSANGEL AND GUARDIAN OF THE POWERS RANK TO YOU, CHERUB.
...
Well I'm not leaving until you address me properly!
!?!?!?!!?
Never you mind that line of thought, HEATHEN! I have not a breath to waste for you!
I simply came for a messsage!
Keep your connections with the divine strong, that is all we ask. Make sure your holiness stat doesn't reach 0
Lest your affairs end too soon... How sad!
That is all!
...
did heaven say to steal a HUMAN heart...?
Good, good.
You're worth for something, at least!
I came for a messsage! From the Goddess herself, mind you.
Lucky you are for her time...
Keep your connections with the divine strong, that is all we ask. Make sure your holiness stat doesn't reach 0
Lest your affairs end too soon... How sad!
That is all!
...
did heaven say to steal a HUMAN heart...?
In the early morning, pots and pans clank feverishly through the halls.
BREAKFAST IS READDDDYYYYY!
Isn't it too earlllyyy for breakfast?
Doors hesitantly creak open, greeted by an enthusiastic Blaze.
Charon's right, you know. What are you up to...?
It's something real big, yeah?
Thought I'd butter you up first before clamouring 'bout it! C'mon!
He raced down the steps with a giggle passing through his breath, almost like a child.
Charon scans the room, between the two left in his dust.
SO? any clues?
He yawns, turning to Ambrosia.
Nnnooonnne at all...
Maybe we're getting a raise...?
Knowing Blaze it's probably something-- fancy. Like, something that'll make things easier for us!
AWHHH-- you really think so?
The ones we have work just as fine, from what I remember... Not sure if Blaze would go that far.
Pff-- let me dream! Wouldn't it be cool?
The bristles would be fluffier than a feather, sheltering all those dust bunnies....
I guess so... Guess we'll have to see for ourselves.
Hahah... Wouldn't that be nice.
And there'd be ruffles and everything! We'd live like princesses!
When you put it that way... I'll have to ask if it comes in black, first.
NO WAY! Blaze is totally attached to our current uniforms! Trust me, dude.
He'll change it when PIGS fly!
I heard they have helicopters now.
pffhhttb... Okay, okay, we should see what the fuss is downstairs now.
as the three gather downstairs, their eyes drew to the feast sitting atop one of the tables.
A large, warm bowl of miso soup, garnished with tofu and leeks sat left of the middle,
A long body of salmon, dressed in ginger and onion, blanketed in soy sauce waits patiently just over.
The sight was elevated with a sense of grandeur poured into each and every fiber, 5 more bowls circling around the two plates.
wait, 5?
Blazzzeee? What's all this?
He was the first to break the silence, awe stilling the rest.
Like I said...
He pauses, with a sniffle.
BIG news!
H-Harvey! You can come out now!
...Is that--
THE ARISON KID?!
H-h- what??!
What is he doing here?!? Is he a food inspector now--???
The well dressed man clicks his tongue, glancing away from the adoring crowd.
It's Harvey. Just Harvey.
I needed somewhere to stay, and Mr. Tamura is an old friend of mine.
Keeping away from the eyes, he gathers to the counter, the rest following suit.
Hey, I remember seeing you around!
Who doesn't...
His throat caught more of a grumble than a show of pride.
WH-whah- WHAT?!
BLAZZZEEE! blaze, blaze, blaze! Why didn't you tell me before?!
Well, uh--
We haven't talked in a while.
I couldn't talk to him, for a while...
YOU'VE BEEN S-
Madoc instinctively cover's Charon's mouth, impatience distilling across his face.
??????
oh? OH. No, no- no! Hahahahahah! It's not like that, I-I don't... Swing that way!
The atmosphere grew thick, stirring in confusion.
(muffled) Are you sure?
What about that time when--
Doesn't count.
OR ABOUT WHEN YOU TOLD US-
Hey! That was ONE time!
...?
He stares up Blaze, curious himself.
The larger man carried a wince, sorrow tucked behind those eyes.
The details probably aren't important anyway. We're here to eat, not chat.
Thank you, Mr. Tamura.
Yeah, no problem!
day off!
ahhh I'm possessed!
Ambrosia-- it's-- Nice seeing you around... Come in.
...Ah, hello. What brings you here..?
...Ambrosia, was it? Hello.
...Take your time.
They spend their time in silence. Only with a gaze, waiting for the other to speak.
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
kshgshi
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
Heeeell-ooo! What's up! What's up?
Cat got your tongue? It's okay though, I LOVE shy guys! ...Kidding! I'm still totally busy, sorry Ambrosia...
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
kshgshi
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
jdhgksfghksuhd
gyatt
WOA-ho-hoh, it's you, Bro-sia! You need anything?
quickly, his cheeks flush a deep red.
WOW! Uhm-- What's that supposed to mean? HAHAHAHAH. Uhm.
...I'll need some time to myself.
Heyyyyy, Ambrosia! What's up?
HAHAHAH! Now that's a good one!! C'mon in, bud!
Huh, 'sup little buddy? You need anything?
Oh! Uhm... Don't just sit there and look at me... It freaks me out...
... You know what? I dunno....
What kinda art we talkin'?? Cause if it's the museum kind? Tough competition.....
Tamura cushions himself further into the bed, holding his head in his palm.
Art, is like... Everything!! If it's made by human hands it's gotta be some kinda art, yeah?
Even working the kitchen...?
Are you kidding?! ESPECIALLY working the kitchen! Cuisine and-- and baking and all that,
It's one of the purest form of art!
To think... One day, some cavemen a long time ago threw together leaves and berries and meat n' a couple bazillions years later.. we're here.
doing all these fancy-schmancy measurements, with critics governin' opinion of the masses...
...What were we talkin' 'bout again?
 Oh!
Well, in terms 'a food, there's one person I gotta credit for where I am in this crazy- cookin' journey! My ma, of course!
(I wonder what that's like...)
One day! I hope to taste some of her food, mr. Tamura!
Hahah...
For now, whiles it might not be by her hands... I like baking with the same love she did, y'know?
Tamura kept his gaze apart from Ambrosia, an odd chuckle breaking through.
's that a trick question?
Spicy!!
Been eatin' spices n' spicy things since i was a little boy, yeah?
Spice all the way!
Before I inherited this place, spice was my go-to!
what about you, hah?
No preference--
WAIT! NO!
I LIED. I'm a sucker for sweet foods! Candy, chocolate...
But my favorite just comes down to fruits!
Oh man... Apple pies? Those are the best...
TANTAMEN RAMEN!
no contest!
Oh!
 er-- What's that...?
Seasame based broth in a bowl of noodles, y'know?
yeah, yeah with all of the instant stuff it kinda makes your head spin thinkin' about e'rrything out there.
thing is, my favorites' an old family recipe! Got it from great, great, great, great, great, great
, great, GREAT grandma, who imported the recipe over from the south!
It's got these sleek noodles n' chile oil and pork!
Gotta 'dmit, not the most traditional stuff we have, we take a lotta cues from down south, y'see!
Don't mean it's not served with the fiery passion of a peppercorn! I'd rather drop dead then eat a half-hearted meal!
That's easy. My ma!
Taught me everything I know, my values, my skills-- E'rything that makes me, me
Really? She's got to come and try your food here someday!
Uh... she's far away. With the big man upstairs, if you catch my drift.
Oh...? oh.
Hey! Don't look so glum! What's past is passed!
I sure as hell know that she wouldn't have wanted to see you so blue!
If I gave up, right now on who I am... And what I did-- or, or paused to just be sad like that...
I'd practically be lettin' her down!
I'm a livin' breathin' machine that turns that sadness-- into progress!
Well, I mean it's real hot...
Really gets the blood pumpin' don't it!
That's one way to put it...
A glint of determination brews in Blaze's eyes
's about my favorite season too, summer!
Park's garden's open, gym's open.... Beach, too?
I just can't NOT move around, y'know?
I was more of a winter fella, myself!
I mean... fresh snow looks so cloudy...!
AH! That rmeinds me, have you ever been ice skatin' before?
hah-oh! When we got the time I can always show you the ropes!
So I wasn't hallucinating...
He's really here...
'is name's Harvey, yeah?
wait, you took his order, didn't you? You already knew that!
We went wayyy back! Used to be attached at the hip, y'know?
But, past is passed, right?
Now he won't even look at me straight...
Then I find 'im in all these articles or- whatever. Makin' a spectacle for just-- bein' who he is!
...Sorry. I ain't think he'd like me talkin' bout him like this.
Ambrosia drifts into a deep sleep...
Cooking went well!
Cooking went okay...
oughh... Cooking went horrible
Did a thorough scrub!
Did an okay scrub...!
Oh dear...
Attracted tons of customers today!
Attracted some customers today...!
Hey-- they laughing at me...?!
I feel a little tranquil!
I feel somewhat more tranquil!
I feel incredibly more tranquil!
Rush hour broke between the cafe,
Souls dance in and out, grateful or at the very least- begrudging smiles across their faces as they grab their orders.
Within the sea of faces, a tall figure parted from the rest.
With every step, murmurs blanket the crowd, all eyes just barely grazing past his cold stare.
A permanent disdain marked the stranger's expression, carrying his head high while long locks grace his shoulders.
He scans Ambrosia, a brow furrowed with a lingering sense of curiosity.
Just a black coffee for me, please and thank you.
Can I get a name for that?
...Harvey.
Harvey Arison.
AH! You-- scared me, Ambrosia... You should really be knockin' first, y'know?
WOAH! Okay, there's... uh... No need for all that.
C'mon, now! We're all boys here!
 's a safe space 'n all that. No need for sorries, yeah?
OH........ I see......
gradually pulling himself back up, Ambrosia continued his wet, pitiable streak with a slouch.
Just wanted to make a GOOD impression! That's all...
Oh what? You don't need to worry about all that, yeah? I let'cha in didn't I?
My words 'r as trustworthy as a hot slab of superglue! Just ask any of the others!
With that, the great Tamura gave thunderous pats on the back to the wet noodle before him.
YEAHHH! Practice makes PERFECT!!
Chest high in the air, Tamura's roar bellowed through the walls.
Hows about where your skill levels at? Maybe I could whip up a thing or two with ya for good measure!
From what Ambrosia's read, in this town, standards are lower than the 7th circle of hell itself. In fact, the bottom half of his passionate little resume showed with a bit of loreum ipsum.
Perhaps he got points for making it entirely handwritten.
Absolutely zero, Mr. Tamura!
Such proud claims were only highlighted further by another grin stretched across him.
WELL! In that case, Y'caught me at a good time, see? I was just about to set up the recipes up here. We're all fresh, y'know?
I mean...What else is there?
Ex-act-ly! Frozen food never has the hard labour of love poured into it!
Soon enough, large bags of flour, buttermilk and yeast gets lifted in.
With a hefty PLOMP, powder scattered through the air like fine pixie dust, coloring the atmosphere in a pale hue.
Alright, this should be pretty simple! it's honey glazed donuts! it's pretty much just bread with a couple or so extra steps, yeah?
...Right!
True to his words, Ambrosia hasn't had a lick of knowledge for human cuisine.
Not apart from it's status as one of the many gateways to the heart, that is.
I'll start up the fryer, 'n everything's written on that board over there! easy peasy!
The angel watched the other reach to set the strange bowl, filling the cauldron with a greasy elixr.
eggs, yeast, nutmeg... sugar, vanilla... milk.... and just a pinch of salt.
I-- Forgot to get us an electric mixer... Think you have enough elbow grease to pull it together?
Oh..? Oh! Yes, I think so!
Determined, Ambrosia made a show of himself, stringing together all his might.
bits of batter fly across the countertops, hands unwielding for even a moment.
WOAH?! woah! Okay, okay, I think you're overmixing a little bit--!
I-- I am?
Just a little bit...
Hey, hey! Don't sweat it, I remembered the towels!
On top of the raw dough, Ambrosia was quickly caked by a towel- well meaning rough-housing keeping him in place.
There! I think I got all of it!
Don't worry, the process usually isn't this... messy... I think you got a little something--uh...
Tamura's hand makes it's way towards Ambrosia's cheek.
Ambrosia stills once more, avoiding the other's eyes with every inch of his being.
It's a gentle graze, his thumb. Not something you'd expect for such rough hands. Somehow, Ambrosia felt his chest flutter.
Er- Don't take this the the wrong way, but you should really join me at the gym...
 I'd love to get a look at your routine! hahah!
...
UHM!
 Right! right.. We have ta' cut em into little holes now! Hows about you watch n' learn, yeah?
YEAH! Sounds... sounds good!
Oh, the second brooms and stuffs over there, by the way.
Charon spoke like a large shadow cast upon a wall, Ambrosia couldn't help but frizz in his seat.
The bleach blonde gave pause, carefully scanning the other from head to toe.
Y'know... As resident fixer-upper-er, I hope you realize keeping this place pristine is SERIOUS business...
Like, do NOT get me wrong... But-- to double check, you sure you're up for it?
Don't sweat it! Most people aren't...
Besides, I'm sure you'll get along just fine in the cleaning department eventually, Ambrosia!
I mean, look at you!
You can fix yourself up just fine!
OH! uhm.. Thank you!
Charon scoffs lightly, transfering a hand to his hip.
Looks like you have some bite to you, pretty boy!
(???????)
I got this whole system I got going on, see?
But, with a drive like that, I think you'll be able to catch up just fine!
A soft giggle leaving his lips, Charon dashes away to sweep across corners.
Ambrosia kept intent on the dust, as miniscule as they might come.
Counters, floors, tables, none were a match to Ambrosia's meticulous attention.
Huh...
His sweet voice chiming, Ambrosia pulls away from the desk.
Am I doing something.... Wrong?
No, no, not at all!
The opposite, really... When you do it-
it's like you clean with 7 arms! Super swift!
Thanks, I think...!
Oh, don't give me that, you we're great...
If I were to give pointers-- here-!
In place, he makes mutliple digs at the floor, almost like waving a baton to the ground.
You're suppised to like, alternate between ways to sweep so your wrist doesn't cramp up!
................
ah.... can I-- use your broom?
With a nod, Charon paces behind him.
Charon leans foreward, the two of them tied in what was half of a hug.
Arms were swept beneath Ambrosia's, hands making for the handle.
(?!!!????)
See? easy! Like this!
His soft breath grazed his ear, hands just a hair away from Ambrosia's.
yeah, yeah easy....!
Without another glance, Ambrosia could feel a smirk bubbling across the other's lips.
You know, Ambrosia... I think, with practice... You'll be perfect as my assistant!
WHWHWH--
Oh, don't sweat it, you'll be great! Pinkie promise!
Cute.
sorry? Did you- mean me?
Ah.
I misspoke...
I'm saying you're doing a good job, being... You.
He lofts his head to the side, a short grin brimming ear to ear.
Have you done-- this before...? Serving, dealing with people?
Is that so?
I would've thought I would've remembered your face from somewhere, then...
I guess it's no surprise. You seem like a natural.
Fibs weren't Ambrosia's strong suit, admittedly.
Even still, his cheeks ached the more the minutes pass.
Thank you! I won't let you down!
I don't doubt you will.
I see, that's a shame.
This business, it gets hectic. Especially with tons of people pouring in.
He pauses with a sigh.
It's a lot to handle at first, but I have some pointers.
First though, that posture is perfect, don't worry about that.
Also... Keep-- smiling like that.
It gets people talking and giving tips...
Hm...
Maybe you learn better with examples... How about-- we practice?
Ah... doesn't sound like a bad idea!
But no one's here yet...
I meant-- I'm the practice customer.
OH! oh....
With a nod, the angel turned the corner-- re-entering the scene with the most 'I'm totally new here' face imaginable.
Madoc sat atop the plush seat, big arms folded across the counter.
There his glance wonders, not daring to stare him directly.
Ah-- Hello!
A little notebook was prepared in Ambrosia's hand, pried to an innocuous page.
His mind narrowed into the pen fixed between his fingers, gently bouncing it off of the paper.
Good morning! Welcome to the Miracle Cafe, how may I take your order...?
The air quiets.
It's like the world gives pause to Madoc's smile, quickly, the atmosphere brims with a soft chuckle.
That's good!
He spoke, hands fidgeting against each other.
I mean it... We can workshop that.
It takes a lot of patience.
The trick is to pretend like you're talking to a friend.
Oh, Are we-- not friends right now???
No, I meant when I'm In the customer role... Not all customers are your friends.
Hm... You can pretend you're talking to me, then?
 That's just gonna make me more nervous...
I-it will? Sorry...
That's a good thing! I swear! As a wise man once said you're just... REALLY good at being you!
Oh...?
Thank you.
You're never gonna believe this, Ambrosia...
The customers, the ones writin' all the reviews- They love the pastries!!
He gave a loud sniffle, staring the angel with wet eyes.
BUT! They're sayin' they like yours the most, when ya handle the stove...!
You're growin' so fast, bud!! I have ta' step up my game!!
See? What did I say?
Giggling, he marvels at the countertops and floors with a grin.
It's like no one was even there! You're AMAZZING, Ambrosia!
Really?
Really, really!
tch, at this rate I might have to retire...
Kidding!
OH-- my god... Oh my god.
What is that smell--- is that from the kitchen?! Lemme find the air freshener--!
(Goodness... It's not that bad, is it??)
Lend a hand out here, will you? I'm practically working overtime heree!
err.... Maybe you should sit this one out, bud.
I'll handle things just fine out here in the kitchen, kay?
(I haven't been that bad at cooking... Right?)
Are you okay...?
You haven't been looking... like usual.
Maybe you should do something less taxing for now, like cleaning...?
Madoc glares the other server down, while he can't muster words, his eyes show great pity.
Crusing past his coworker, Madoc's hand hesitates over Ambrosia's shoulder.
Oh, it's okay! Feel free to!
You do great out there. You keep doing great out there.
I think our ratings got up by tenfold, Ambrosia...
I couldn't have done it without you.
As a grin was flashed, Ambrosia's chest couldn't help but ache.
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST jdhsuhl
TEST jdhsuhl
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST jdhsuhl
TEST jdhsuhl
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST whwhwhdsdhe
TEST jdhsuhl
TEST jdhsuhl
It's you again...
Their hands nearly graze, making their way for the same title.
Just one aptly named 'home-made recipes'
Ah-? oh, hello.
Mister... Arison, right?
SHHH!
He fixes his back closer to his torso, tossing half a wince towards Ambrosia.
AH- Mister Arison, right?
That's what I said, didn't I?
Right...
I was going to thank you, you know, about the coffee.
It was instant, sure but... Not that bad for that variety.
Oh?
I barely had time to you see, Annoying, right?
The man parrallel to Ambrosia heaves a short sigh, hanging his head.
I was wondering myself-- Mr. Arison, who exactly are you...?
Harvey nearly chokes midair, covering his lips with his fist.
You must be new here, aren't you?
I said what I said...
Heir of the PRESTIGEOUS Arison name, Harvey.
Don't think about it too hard, it's no big deal anyway.
You sure?! Everyone kept oggling you back there--!
People tend to do that-- yes...
I'm something of a controversial figure...
 Right now, just consider me another one of your patrons.
 I'll be sure to give you half of your paycheck's worth in tips, alright?
?????
That-- won't be necessary, really! I just do what I do for the fun of it!
...
You're-- an odd one...
I can see why Blaze got you on board...
All Ambrosia gave was a nod, passing by Harvey without another word.
The lot was decorated with machines, mats and tools at every end.
Almost like a toy store for those who left their childhoods behind, only much sweatier.
Stationed here were the determined faces of lives who for a second, cross with ours, but fleet as they pass.
Ambrosia soaks in the hard-working atmosphere, not short of another smile.
Woah you actually came by--!
Ambrosia--!! Nice to see ya 'round here!
Wanna come join me for some morning reps?
Alright!! No pressure!!
doin' it in public anyhow is nerve wreckin' enough and all that I hear! Hah-hoh!
YEAHHH! That's what I'm talkin' about!
soaring past loops of clouds, races across the endless plane.
Not to mention the bows and arrows with their sweet targets.
Those were the instruments Ambrosia knew by heart.
Instead, the angel was confronted by metal disks hung at the ends of poles,
tall machines where you tug strings, or the occasional band.
sheepishly, he tails behind Tamura, awaiting his next move.
(...This should be easy, right?)
(yes, easy!)
(Just don't break anything!! Heaven probably won't cover the insurance!!)
Side by side, Ambrosia challenged the machine next to the hulking figure.
The angel observed the other alternating between each arm, the rich skin glistening beneath the light.
With all his might, he held back his strength-- a task that made him sweat as much as his companion.
WOAH? You're-- CRAZY strong--!
I-- I am?
With Tamura as his audience, Ambrosia mustered the most determined expression he could, gradually pacing his movements faster.
The room felt louder, between each stretch of movement.
between the deepening breath of his new... friend, the subtle sound of sweat rolling down his brow...
A subtle skip of his heart between it's racing.
As Tamura switches his tools, Ambrosia felt a smirk rise across him.
You're telling me you do your morning jog here, too?
No wonder you're so... Massive, bro!
Er-- that and genetics!
A chuckle breaking through the two of them, the hours melt.
They race across the path, neck and neck-- even as Ambrosia had to tone it down multiple times.
Woah, hey Ambrosia!
Didn't expect to see you out here! I'm just on a jog, see?
Catch ya later!
Got a good workout--!
Got an okay workout...
I'm so tired....
Got some fresh air!
Got some fresh air...!
Do angels get allergies?
This is so much fun!
This is kinda fun...!
Can I go home yet???
I did so much window-shopping!
...I did some window shopping!
everything here is overpriced....
I learrned so much!
shhh!
sorry...
I learned so much...!
I learned a little bit...!
I fell asleep...
it's sunday!
what should I focus on this week?
moons out...!
the next day
